TOKYO DENKI UNIVERSITY
The long-awaited new campus was opened April 2012 and the main function was transferred from Kanda, where was the place of foundation and basement of 100 years research and education. Tokyo Senju Campus is located within 1-minute-walk from Kita-Senju station (one of the busiest railway station in Tokyo), moreover the total site area is 2.5 times larger than Kanda Campus. This new campus is fully open to public and encourages closer cooperation with the local community.
Katsuhisa FURUTA
President
Tokyo Denki University
April 2012
Looking ahead to the next 100 years, under the theme of "TDU Renaissance and Evolution." 
Consequently, without close collaborative relationships among universities, industry and society, we can not anticipate future development of our country.
Universities are no longer able to isolate themselves from the changes occurring in society. We refer to a system that adapts to changes in the environment as an "Intelligent System." This system possesses functions to recognize these environmental changes, to accumulate knowledge and to build logical strategies.
Through collaboration with industrial and public sector, Tokyo Denki University will integrate its educational and research activities into efforts to respond and adapt to the changes in both social and technological conditions. We shall become an "Intelligent University" that develops human resources who are capable of contributing to the betterment of society by technology.
Ever since our establishment in 1907, Tokyo Denki University has sought to build a worldleading country in science and technology, by devoting ceaseless effort to educating human resources who can contribute to the development of society through their expertise.
Based on our founding spirit of "Respect for Practical Study," and our research and educational motto "In the Technology Breathes its Creator," we have fostered human resources boasting a high level of specialized knowledge corresponding to various aspects of social needs, and provided society with large numbers of scientists and engineers.
Today society is plagued with issues created by science and technology, the solutions of which would be inconceivable without the application of advanced science and technology.
Message from the President
